Ling Fang doesn't know what it means to truly learn the language of justice, life and death.
Now everyone's life is longer than killing people in the hands here and on the map below!
Why not? Now all entrances and exits have pick-up signals and contrasting signals.
I just killed someone, and if someone I don’t meet again,
You would be a fool even if you jumped into the Yellow River.
You all listen to me, I don’t want to die,
So he took the lead and handed over two-thirds of his property.
Come on, from now on, the Haizhou business community will blame me.
Zoom in on you
Even if I die, I can't save the smelly dog.
You exploded again
How could I be sure to hear my explosion?
Good, good, good
Look how hard your bulge is
Can use adults
After taking control of life in the sea
I'll take you down
The first one to operate